feat: device authentication (#42)
JuliaComputing/PkgAuthentication.jl: docs/auth-flows.md

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this specification are to be interpreted as described in [RFC2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).

### Authentication mechanisms

PkgAuthentication.jl supports two different authentication mechanisms:
1. Classic Authentication Flow
2. Device Authentication Flow

When initiating a fresh authentication, PkgAuthentication.jl calls `/auth/configuration` endpoint to determine whether the Pkg server supports device authentication. This endpoint MUST return a 200 response. When device authentication is not supported by the server the response body MUST contain the following JSON data :

> ```json

Author: Ok, lets have the `auth_flows` list and handle empty response for `/auth/configuration`. Fixed in 4974a18.

{
  "device_flow_supported": false,
  "refresh_url": "https://juliahub.com/auth/renew/token.toml/v2/"
}
```

In this case, PkgAuthentication.jl will execute the Classic Authentication Flow. When device authentication _is_ supported by the server, the response body MUST contain:

```json
{
  "device_flow_supported": true,

>   "refresh_url": "https://juliahub.com/auth/renew/token.toml/device/",
>   "device_authorization_endpoint": "https://auth.juliahub.com/auth/device/code",
>   "token_endpoint": "https://auth.juliahub.com/auth/token"

Reviewer: Maybe we should namespace all of these?

```suggestion
  "device_refresh_url": "https://juliahub.com/auth/renew/token.toml/device/",
  "device_authorization_endpoint": "https://auth.juliahub.com/auth/device/code",
  "device_token_endpoint": "https://auth.juliahub.com/auth/token"
```

    While the user hasn't finished responding to the authorization request or has denied the authorization request, the `token_endpoint` response status must be `401` or `400`.

    When the user approves the authorization request, the `token_endpoint` response status must be 200 with a JSON body containing the `access_token`, `id_token`, `refresh_token` and `expires_in`. Example:

    ```json
    {
      "access_token": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234567890",
      "token_type": "bearer",
      "expires_in": 86399,
      "refresh_token": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234567890",
      "id_token": "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234567890"
    }
    ```

4. The client must generate the `auth.toml` file with the above values. The following extra key/values must be added by the client to the auth.toml:
    - `expires_at: <expires_in> + <time()>` This value is required to determine whether the token is expired and needs refresh. This is missing in the token response so it must be added by summing the `expires_in` value with the current timestamp.

>     - `refresh_url` This value is also missing in the device token response but is necessary for refreshing expired tokens. This field must be added with value same as the `refresh_url` from the `device_authorization_endpoint` response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `refresh_url` This value is also missing in the device token response but is necessary for refreshing expired tokens. This field must be added with value same as the `refresh_url` from the package server authentication configuration endpoint response.
```
